Update onboarding guide (#36)
voiio/voiio.github.io: accounts.md

Please ask your team lead to give you permissions.

#### Algolia

Our platform utilizes [Algolia][algolia]'s search and recommendation engine to seamlessly connect users with what they seek.

Please ask your team lead to give you permissions.

[algolia]: https://www.algolia.com/

#### Google Workspace

We use Google Workspace at voiio. Your new Google account will give you access to most tools using SSO.

#### Google Marketing Platform

The [Google Marketing Platform][google marketing platform] includes tools like Google Analytics, Google Ads, and more, we use it for tracking feature adoptions.

> We have Google SSO enabled for Google Marketing Platform. Please ask your team lead to give you permissions.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have Google SSO enabled for Google Marketing Platform. Please ask your team lead to invite you to the correct permission groups.

```
